Game Design Schedule:

Feb12 - Feb15: Config file controlling tile properties.
			   USE JSON text. And parse it.
			   --
			   Don't come up with your own parsing language. That is uneccessary.
			   Using JSON will help you show case your knowledge when you talk about the config file.
			   Also, there are JSON viewers ETC and tools already made to work with JSON.
			   --
               Will be a text-file that can be easily parsed, allowing you to change the associations of
			   PIXEL COLORS to what they represent. We have 0-15 colors to associate things with.
			   This will be used to help organize how the level is put together. As well as allow for more
			   flexibility when the level loader comes out.
			   --
			   TODO:
			   Sprite spawner algorithm and function table maping JSON to it.
			   
			   TODO: 2013.02.15 (This may take a bit more time)
			   Fix up Bitmap Parser, and then tie it in with your JSON config file.
			   
Feb16 - Feb17: MAIN MENU:
               1. Is controlled by arrow keys, but can also use mouse to hit selections.
			   2. 3 Options:
			      1. New Game               --Starts new level by loading playState2
				  2. Level Select           --Opens STUB state: levelSelectMenuState
				  3. Make your own level    --Opens STUB state: levelMakerMenuState
				  4. Controls               --Opens STUB state: controlMenuState

Feb18 - Feb20: Load your own level functionality.
				CODE UI PARTS FIRST, that way you have something to interface with when testing out loader.
               1. Load PNG into game back end.
			   2. Load PNG front end. Button + dialog popup.
			   3. Menu option on main screen for loading your own level.
			   4. levelMakerMenuState:
					1.Has text instructions on how to load.
						1. Color Key
						2. PNG width and height size needed. Min/Max width/heights allowed.
						3. Don't abuse the bombs. Too many and the game will lag. Be smart about your level design skills.
					2. Has LOAD_PNG button.
					3. Has PLAY YOUR LEVEL button that only pops up once you have loaded something.
					4. Displays error message if you load something bad.
					
			     

Enemies:
Feb20 - Feb25: Stalker enemies. They only move in the DARK. When they hit light, they slow down and eventually freeze.
	       SIMPLE:
               Use the dumb gravity bound stalker code you already have to create enemies that stalk you.
               Guys same size as you. Emulatable sprites. Stupid. Slow. But dangerous.
               Don't worry about making AI super smart. Do NOT use path finding. Too slow.

 	       ADVANCED: If time permits:
               However, DO use PLAYER-TILE-TIMESTAMPING.
               How Player-Tile-Timestamping works:
               For the tilemap, we have a big grid-array that is set to 1:1 ratio over tilemap.
               The first tile you are over gets stamped with the current frame number since the
               loading of the level. Every tile you are over will get stamped with the current level
               frame. Enemies will use this to follow you.

Feb 26th: STUN FLAIR:
          A flair that you can throw that will, after it lands... Create a big flash.
		  Enemies caught in the blast will be stunned. Will be able to be used to set off mines.
		  Mines caught it the blast will become tripped.
		  
Feb 27th: Blockade mode, get it working again so you can set blockade blocks.
Feb 28th: Make it so YOU or ENEMIES can destroy blockade blocks by running into them too many times.
          How will you make them appear to take damage?
		  Is there a better way to set blocks? Maybe... Using your mouse?
		  I think, pressing "Z" once to enter blockade mode. Again to lay a block and exit, works just fine.
		  HOLDING "X" will charge/wind up flair for you to throw in a parabolic type fashion.

Feb 30th - 31st:
          SET ART.
		  Think of different types of prop-art you can make to give the game a more "realistic" feel.
		  I think the setting is a robotics laborotory / office.
		  Prop Ideas:
		  1. Office Chair.
		  2. Office Desk & Cubical. Sinks into background. But is a sprite on the main tilemap. Using some forced perspective.
		  3. Light fixture auto-tiles that actually look like lights.
		  4. LCD monitor.
		  5. Fans. Big fans.
		  6. Space age doors and windows.
		  7. Hanging wires.

Feb19 - Feb25: Make pre-baked lighting map able to re-evaluate itself quickly when light objects are destroyed.
               Get bombs emitting light again.

Feb26:         Flare you can throw.
Feb26 - Feb28: Wall enemies.
