



CPM Star
FlashGameDistribution.com //free flash game distribution.

Business Plan: In addition to the stuff you write down here, read up on how to make money from flash games.

Monitization Methods:


MISC:
Your games could self-destruct after a given amount of time, unless updated...
This seems more like something that could destroy my empire than help move it along...


Products / Direct Monetization:
1. Sell desktop version of game on your site.
2. Sell game on indie sites.


Publicity / Getting people to know about your stuff:
1. Your game has an add for "click here to make level" and goes to your site, where you can download desktop version of your game.
2. Your game could have a FEED that lets you know about other games.
3. your game could have a bot in it that logs into POF, Facebook, and other sites and spams people telling them to play your flash game.
   By using POF and OKCupid, we could target by interests.
4. CPU/NPC players in RPG style game could actually be replies from dating site. Then player types up their own response.
   Basically, people on datin site would unknowlingly be in a video game chatroom.
5. ANDROID Version of game:
   An android version of my game that is a parody. The levels can all be beaten by pressing left.
   You don't get to control the character, it is on auto-pilot.
   The game has 50 levels, and you just watch the little dude win the game.
   Between every level load is my website URL, which will make people curious and want to go there.
6. Give LET'S players unique copies of game with their own password.
   Have let's plays up on the internet before you release your game.
   There will be people who want to play the game, but cannot find it.
7. HELL:
   Hell levels, only available on the DESKTOP version.
   or:
   You can pay money on my website to unlock the password for hell levels.
8. Get Lets play videos and youtube endorsements.
   VSAUCE Dongs, and other let's play people.
   Give them exclusive copies before anyone else has them.



Extra Content:
1. Make your own levels via desktop version you must buy.
2. Unlock Hell levels via password that you get with the desktop version.
   People will NOT like this if this content is already in the game, and just needs to be unlocked via paying.
   Think what happened with Street Fighter digital content that you bought, but it simply unlocked data already on
   the disc.
3. DESKTOP version has WIDE-SCREEN levels.
4. DESKTOP version has ability to change magnification level of game.

