

1. MakeChoice / Button Bunny / Blood Bunny.
Pick the correct button and proceed through the level.

2. Don't press the button. One room with just a button.
   A timer that is your score, just going up.
   IF you press button. Level Explodes.
   The goal is to see how long you can wait before pressing the button.
   
   Catch: Your high score is NOT registered until you press the button.
   But the game ENDs when you press the button. A leader board of current REGISTERED high scores is always displayed in
   the level.
   
   Other Catch:
	   Pressing button halves your score. But you get to see what happens.
	   Leaving the room give you your full score, but also ends the game...
	   
	   Feel like seeing the explosions should be more rewarding. Maybe pressing button ends the game, but it does NOT halve
	   your score?
   
3. Press the button.
   ONE LEVEL, with a button that vanishes and comes back.
   If you go too long without pressing it, you die.
   
  4. Angry Bombs. (Don't actually use that name)
     But you throw bombs and they land somewhere and then cause chain reaction. Or maybe you throw a flare box.
	 
	 5. A game just about solving puzzles with the flare box.
	 
	 6. A game just about outrunning chain reactions.
	 
	 7. A game just about teliporting by using mouse click. The teleport can burn out.
	    And your path of travel, though it CAN go through walls.... You WILL DIE, if you try to go through an explosion.
		
		8. An Iphone game where you touch the crates on the screens, bunnies come out, and explode bombs.
		 
		9. An Iphone game where you touch red or blue button on UI and then all red or blue buttons in the game level
		Are pressed and cause chain reaction. Then the bunnies in the crates either successfully escape, or die.
		
	10. A shooter asteroids type game where you can blow up blocks when you shoot them.
	
	11. Falling Ceiling:
		Make a game where the level continuously scrolls up. To where you will die if you get stuck on the bottom
		of the screen. There are bombs that start flashing once they appear on screen. They flash and take out
		Columns in the level. Columns start falling, and they will crush you to death if you get stuck within them.
		