
Explain State-Sprite by using multiple personality disorder.
Explain Encapsulation via a brothel.

TODO:
Add more ignition button code.
Add menu support for DEV_DEFAULT, EASY, PUZZLE, TWITCH, HELL

Tyler:
MISC things to tell tyler:
1. Everyone I've showed the game to really likes the music already. So, excellent job.
2. I will put a link to your bandcamp or whatever you would like in the credits to this game.

Music:
0. I am keeping the techno track. I like it.
1. Elivator music looping track of 30 seconds while other music loads.
2. A DUN DUN! Scary sound clip that is 1 second long.
3. An ominous, scary track that plays when you are in spider danger.
4. Rattling vent noises.
5. Creepy creature sounds.


Matthew:
1. Destroyed state for the 2x3 button.Colored GREY so it can be used for all 3 colors.
2. Destroyed state for the 2x2 button.Colored GREY so it can be used for all 3 colors.
3. 3x3 tile (48x48 pixe) ventalation duct with animated spinning fan, with a grate on top of it.
4. 3x3 tile ventalation duct broken, missing the grate.
5. 3x3 trashed up grate. Will be animated falling off of the ventilation duct.


3. A jumping spider that is 16x16 pixels (1x1)when not doing jumping animation, and can get to be 16x30 pixels (1x2) when extended in it's jump animation.


Josh:
Each sequence of levels needs to have a level that teaches you about each element of the game.
"Teaching Levels":
1. Buttons set off bombs.
2. Small 4-way bombs are SLOWER than skull buttons when they chain.
3. Teach everything we need to know about 4WAY bombs before introducing vertical and horizontal bombs.
4. Introduce vertical or horizonal bomb. (NOT BOTH)
5. After they recognize the directional bomb, introduce the OTHER directional bomb.
6. Introduce a level that cannot be beat unless you understand the difference between vertical and horizontal bombs.
7. Introduce falling tiles.
    In levels after introducing falling tiles, introduce these elements in any order you wish:
    1. Falling tiles can crush you.
    2. Falling tiles can set off other bombs.
    3. Falling tiles can BLOCK explosions.
    4. NON-MOVING falling tile type ALSO blocks explosions.
    ....

Hmm... Okay... Hold up... Rather than telling you exactly what to do, how about I tell you what needs to be learned?
I can show you what I have already done, and you can look to that for inspiration.

By the END of the game, here are rules you should know:
1. Should be able to look at a bomb and know WHICH DIRECTION it explodes.
2. Small 4-way chains SLOWER than big 4-way
3. Bomb explosions kill you.
4. You can safely stand over a tile that is exploding if it is turning into a platform, and the explosion is not going up onto the tile you are on.
5. Which bricks can you break with your head?
6. Which bricks leave platforms when they break?
7. Which bricks never break?
8. Which bricks are invincible?
9. Which bricks fall when nothing is under them.
10.How do I use jump sensitivity to complete some levels?
11.How do get through small holes?
12. Platforms:
     Probably teach in this order:
     1. I can walk horizontally through arrays of platforms.
     2. I can JUMP up through platforms.
     3. I can crouch down through platforms.
13. If you break bricks in the ceiling with your head, and those bricks leave platforms, you
    can do a dig-dug style climb up through walls.
14. You can run across small gaps without falling.
15. The main objective is to get to the exit door without dying.









200 levels.
50 of 4 different varieties.
1. 50 Easy. Theme of easy: "Press Right to win" or "I can play this while I am high" or "A 4 year old can beat this"
2. 50 Puzzle-Hard
3. 50 Twitch-Hard
4. 50 Hell. Insanely difficult. Can mix twitch skills with puzzle solving skills.